in this video,
we're going to see how to automatically include new items in manual filters.
Says you can see here.
I've got my pivot table.
We have the sales person on the road section and would get the summer sales amount on the
submission of Value Section.
As you can see her,
my sales person field is filtered for three salespeople Billy and Bob and Jamie.
Now let's say that I add in you sales person here to my data.
So I'm going to copy the loss rail here and add in you person here,
which is John Smith now in order to display John Smith Ice part of my filter.
I need,
first of all to refresh my pivot table,
right click on Refresh and then select John Smith here on the list because because here
it's appeared at the bottom click.
OK,
here,
and I'm able to add John Smith to my list.
But let's say that I want,
in case a new value is added.
I wanted to be added automatically to my current filters and not need to add it manually
after refreshing.
So to do that,
I can right click on,
then go to feel settings,
and then I need to check this check box Here.
Include new items in manual filter and click.
OK,
now,
if I go back to my data here and and copy with row and paste it and add a completely new
person.
So John Doe,
for example,
And then I refresh my pivot iwill here.
Right click refresh.
He comes here that John Doe has been added automatically without me needing to add it to
the current filtered values.
Okay,
so this is how you can add new items automatically to your filters.